Item Listings
The following tables are lists of all the items obtained in the game, along with the Japanese item names and a translated description. Each tab of the item menu will have its own table. The items will be sorted as they appear in the game's item list. I will not list the Digimon medals tab, since I have a whole section dedicated to these medals here.

Consumable Items
「消費」

Item Name	Japanese Name	Description
Memory UP	メモリアップ	A memory chip used to expand Digivice, increases party memory limit by 5.
Memory UP DX	メモリアップDX	A high capacity memory chip used to expand Digivice, increases party memory limit by 10.
HP Capsule C	HPカプセルC	Restore 250 HP to one member.
HP Capsule B	HPカプセルB	Restore 750 HP to one member.
HP Capsule A	HPカプセルA	Restore all HP to one member.
HP Spray C	HPスプレーC	Restore 500 HP to all members (only the 3 battle members during a battle.)
HP Spray B	HPスプレーB	Restore 1000 HP to all members (only the 3 battle members during a battle.)
HP Spray A	HPスプレーA	Restore all HP to all members (only the 3 battle members during a battle.)
SP Capsule C	SPカプセルC	Restore 30 SP to one member.
SP Capsule B	SPカプセルB	Restore 90 SP to one member.
SP Capsule A	SPカプセルA	Restore all SP to one member.
SP Spray B	SPスプレーB	Restore 60 SP to all members (only the 3 battle members during a battle.)
SP Spray A	SPスプレーA	Restore all SP to all members (only the 3 battle members during a battle.)
Medical Spray	メディカルスプレー	Restore 50% HP & SP to all members (only the 3 battle members during a battle.)
Medical Spray DX	メディカルスプレーDX	Restore all HP & SP to all members (only the 3 battle members during a battle.)
Poison Recovery	ポイズンリカバリー	Recover Poison from one member and restore 100 HP.
Panic Recovery	パニックリカバリー	Recover Panic from one member and restore 100 HP.
Paralysis Recovery	パラライズリカバリー	Recover Paralyze from one member and restore 100 HP.
Sleep Recovery	スリープリカバリー	Recover Sleep from one member and restore 100 HP.
Stun Recovery	スタンリカバリー	Recover Stun from one member and restore 100 HP.
Sprite Recovery	ドットリカバリー	Recover Dot from one member and restore 100 HP.
Bug Recovery	バグリカバリー	Recover Bug from one member and restore 100 HP.
Multi-Recovery	マルチリカバリー	Recover status effects from one member and restore 100 HP.
Multi-Recovery DX	マルチリカバリーDX	Recover status effects from all battle member and restore 100 HP.
Revival Capsule	リヴァイヴカプセル	Revive one member to 50% HP.
Revival Capsule DX	リヴァイヴカプセルDX	Revive one member to full HP.
Full Revival Spray	フルリヴァイヴスプレー	Revive all members to full HP.
ATK Boost	ATKブースト	During battle, increase attack to one member by 20% for 5 turns.
DEF Boost	DEFブースト	During battle, increase defense to one member by 20% for 5 turns.
INT Boost	INTブースト	During battle, increase intellect to one member by 20% for 5 turns.
SPD Boost	SPDブースト	During battle, increase speed to one member by 20% for 5 turns.
HIT Boost	HITブースト	During battle, increase accuracy to one member by 20% for 5 turns.
AGL Boost	AGLブースト	During battle, increase evasion to one member by 20% for 5 turns.
CRT Boost	CRTブースト	During battle, increase critical chance to one member by 20% for 5 turns.
Escape Gate	エスケープゲート	Allows you to escape from battles.
Home Gate	ホームゲート	Teleports you to the detective office.
Export	エクスポート	Teleports you to the dungeon entrance.
Brave Point E	ブレイブポイントE	Give one Digimon 2,500 EXP.
Brave Point D	ブレイブポイントD	Give one Digimon 5,000 EXP.
Brave Point C	ブレイブポイントC	Give one Digimon 10,000 EXP.
Brave Point B	ブレイブポイントB	Give one Digimon 20,000 EXP.
Brave Point A	ブレイブポイントA	Give one Digimon 40,000 EXP.
Friendship	フレンドシップ	Increase CAM by 10.
Friendship DX	フレンドシップDX	Increase CAM by 25.
Durability Patch	耐久型パッチ	Change the personality of one Digimon to Durable.
Lively Patch	活力型パッチ	Change the personality of one Digimon to Lively.
Fighter Patch	攻撃型パッチ	Change the personality of one Digimon to Fighter.
Defender Patch	防御型パッチ	Change the personality of one Digimon to Defender.
Brainy Patch	知力型パッチ	Change the personality of one Digimon to Brainy.
Nimble Patch	素早さ型パッチ	Change the personality of one Digimon to Nimble.
Development Patch	開発型パッチ	Change the personality of one Digimon to Builder.
Searcher Patch	調査型パッチ	Change the personality of one Digimon to Searcher.
HP Restraint Chip C	HP抑制チップC	Slightly decreases the strengthen maximum HP of one Digimon.
HP Restraint Chip B	HP抑制チップB	Decreases the strengthen maximum HP of one Digimon.
HP Restraint Chip A	HP抑制チップA	Greatly decreases the strengthen maximum HP of one Digimon.
SP Restraint Chip C	SP抑制チップC	Slightly decreases the strengthen maximum SP of one Digimon.
SP Restraint Chip B	SP抑制チップB	Decreases the strengthen maximum SP of one Digimon.
SP Restraint Chip A	SP抑制チップA	Greatly decreases the strengthen maximum SP of one Digimon.
ATK Restraint Chip C	ATK抑制チップC	Slightly decreases the strengthen attack of one Digimon.
ATK Restraint Chip B	ATK抑制チップB	Decreases the strengthen attack of one Digimon.
ATK Restraint Chip A	ATK抑制チップA	Greatly decreases the strengthen attack of one Digimon
DEF Restraint Chip C	DEF抑制チップC	Slightly decreases the strengthen defense of one Digimon.
DEF Restraint Chip B	DEF抑制チップB	Decreases the strengthen defense of one Digimon.
DEF Restraint Chip A	DEF抑制チップA	Greatly decreases the strengthen defense of one Digimon.
INT Restraint Chip C	INT抑制チップC	Slightly decreases the strengthen intellect of one Digimon.
INT Restraint Chip B	INT抑制チップB	Decreases the strengthen intellect of one Digimon.
INT Restraint Chip A	INT抑制チップA	Greatly decreases the strengthen intellect of one Digimon.
SPD Restraint Chip C	SPD抑制チップC	Slightly decreases the strengthen speed of one Digimon.
SPD Restraint Chip B	SPD抑制チップB	Decreases the strengthen speed of one Digimon.
SPD Restraint Chip A	SPD抑制チップA	Greatly decreases the strengthen speed of one Digimon.
Topaz	トパーズ	Items that only exist to sell.
Pearl	パール	Items that only exist to sell.
Aquamarine	アクアマリン	Items that only exist to sell.
Jade	ヒスイ	Items that only exist to sell.
Alexandrite	アレキサンドライト	Items that only exist to sell.
Ruby	ルビー	Items that only exist to sell.
Sapphire	サファイア	Items that only exist to sell.
Emerald	エメラルド	Items that only exist to sell.
Diamond	ダイヤモンド	Items that only exist to sell.
Chrome Digizoid	クロンデジゾイド	Items that only exist to sell.
Digi-Egg of Courage	勇気のデジメンタル	A Digi-Egg engraved with the crest of Courage.
Digi-Egg of Miracles	奇跡のデジメンタル	A Digi-Egg engraved with the crest of Miracles.
Digi-Egg of Destiny	運命のデジメンタル	A Digi-Egg engraved with the crest of Destiny.
Omni Sword	オメガブレード	Holy sword data that was held by Imperialdramon PM.
Digimeat	デジ肉	Food that slightly increases CAM. (Only obtainable and usable in DigiFarm.)
Exciting Meat	ドキドキ肉	Food that rarely increases CAM by a large amount. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)
Best Meat	極上肉	Food that increases CAM by a large amount. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)
Vigor Mushroom	タフネスダケ	Food that increases the maximum HP value. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)
Mental Melon	メンタルメロン	Food that increases the maximum SP value. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)
Power Pine	パワフルパイン	Food that increases attack. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)
Aegis Apple	ガードアップル	Food that increases defense. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)
Clever Carrot	インテリニンジン	Food that increases intellect. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)
Boost Banana	アクセルバナナ	Food that increases speed. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)
Miracle Meat	ミラクル肉	Food that increases CAM and ABI by a large amount. (Only usable in DigiFarm.)


Equipment
「装備品」

Item Name	Japanese Name	Description
HP Attach E	HPアタッチE	HP +50
HP Attach D	HPアタッチD	HP +100
HP Attach C	HPアタッチC	HP +150
HP Attach B	HPアタッチB	HP +200
HP Attach A	HPアタッチA	HP +250
SP Attach E	SPアタッチE	SP +5
SP Attach D	SPアタッチD	SP +10
SP Attach C	SPアタッチC	SP +15
SP Attach B	SPアタッチB	SP +20
SP Attach A	SPアタッチA	SP +25
ATK Attach E	ATKアタッチE	Attack +5
ATK Attach D	ATKアタッチD	Attack +10
ATK Attach C	ATKアタッチC	Attack +15
ATK Attach B	ATKアタッチB	Attack +20
ATK Attach A	ATKアタッチA	Attack +25
DEF Attach E	DEFアタッチE	Defense +5
DEF Attach D	DEFアタッチD	Defense +10
DEF Attach C	DEFアタッチC	Defense +15
DEF Attach B	DEFアタッチB	Defense +20
DEF Attach A	DEFアタッチA	Defense +25
INT Attach E	INTアタッチE	Intellect +5
INT Attach D	INTアタッチD	Intellect +10
INT Attach C	INTアタッチC	Intellect +15
INT Attach B	INTアタッチB	Intellect +20
INT Attach A	INTアタッチA	Intellect +25
SPD Attach E	SPDアタッチE	Speed +5
SPD Attach D	SPDアタッチD	Speed +10
SPD Attach C	SPDアタッチC	Speed +15
SPD Attach B	SPDアタッチB	Speed +20
SPD Attach A	SPDアタッチA	Speed +25
HIT Attach C	HITアタッチC	Accuracy +5%
HIT Attach B	HITアタッチB	Accuracy +10%
HIT Attach A	HITアタッチA	Accuracy +15%
AGL Attach C	AGLアタッチC	Evasion +3%
AGL Attach B	AGLアタッチB	Evasion +6%
AGL Attach A	AGLアタッチA	Evasion +9%
CRT Attach C	CRTアタッチC	Critical chance +5%
CRT Attach B	CRTアタッチB	Critical chance +10%
CRT Attach A	CRTアタッチA	Critical chance +15%
Energy Disk	エナジーディスク	HP +100, SP +10
Cheerful Disk	チアフルディスク	HP +100, Attack +10
Tough Disk	タフディスク	HP +100, Defense +10
Soul Disk	ソウルディスク	HP +100, Intellect +10
Charge Disk	チャージディスク	HP +100, Speed +10
Oracle Disk	オラクルディスク	SP +10, Attack +10
Mind Disk	マインドディスク	SP +10, Defense +10
Mage Disk	メイジディスク	SP +10, Intellect +10
Thief Disk	シーフディスク	SP +10, Speed +10
Fighter Disk	ファイターディスク	Attack +10, Defense +10
Sage Disk	セージディスク	Attack +10, Intellect +10
Assassin Disk	アサシンディスク	Attack +10, Speed +10
Bishop Disk	ビショップディスク	Defense +10, Intellect +10
Monk Disk	モンクディスク	Defense +10, Speed +10
Spirit Disk	スピリットディスク	Intellect +10, Speed +10
Ranger Disk	レンジャーディスク	Intellect +10, Accuracy +5%
Feather Disk	フェザーディスク	Speed +10, Evasion +5%
Gladiator Disk	グラディエイターディスク	Attack +10, Critical Chance +5%
Master Disk	マスターディスク	Max HP +50, Max SP +5, ATK +5, DEF +5, INT +5, SPD +5
Flare Guard	フレアガード	Reduce fire damage by 10%.
Flare Guard DX	フレアガードDX	Reduce fire damage by 20%.
Aqua Guard	アクアガード	Reduce water damage by 10%.
Aqua Guard DX	アクアガードDX	Reduce water damage by 20%.
Plant Guard	プラントガード	Reduce plant damage by 10%.
Plant Guard DX	プラントガードDX	Reduce plant damage by 20%.
Electric Guard	エレキガード	Reduce thunder damage by 10%.
Electric Guard DX	エレキガードDX	Reduce thunder damage by 20%.
Sand Guard	サンドガード	Reduce earth damage by 10%.
Sand Guard DX	サンドガードDX	Reduce earth damage by 20%.
Wind Guard	ウィンドガード	Reduce wind damage by 10%.
Wind Guard DX	ウィンドガードDX	Reduce wind damage by 20%.
Shine Guard	シャインガード	Reduce light damage by 10%.
Shine Guard DX	シャインガードDX	Reduce light damage by 20%.
Dark Guard	ダークガード	Reduce dark damage by 10%.
Dark Guard DX	ダークガードDX	Reduce dark damage by 20%.
Noise Guard	ノイズガード	Reduce neutral damage by 10%.
Noise Guard DX	ノイズガードDX	Reduce neutral damage by 20%.
Master Guard	マスターガード	Reduce damage from all attributes by 5%.
Poison Barrier	ポイズンバリア	Half immunity to Poison.
Poison Barrier DX	ポイズンバリアDX	Full immunity to Poison.
Panic Barrier	パニックバリア	Half immunity to Panic.
Panic Barrier DX	パニックバリアDX	Full immunity to Panic.
Paralysis Barrier	パラライズバリア	Half immunity to Paralyze.
Paralysis Barrier DX	パラライズバリアDX	Full immunity to Paralyze.
Sleep Barrier	スリープバリア	Half immunity to Sleep.
Sleep Barrier DX	スリープバリアDX	Full immunity to Sleep.
Stun Barrier	スタンバリア	Half immunity to Stun.
Stun Barrier DX	スタンバリアDX	Full immunity to Stun.
Pixel Barrier	ドットバリア	Half immunity to Dot.
Pixel Barrier DX	ドットバリアDX	Full immunity to Dot.
Bug Barrier	バグバリア	Half immunity to Bug.
Bug Barrier DX	バグバリアDX	Full immunity to Bug.
Death Barrier	デスバリア	Half immunity to Death.
Death Barrier DX	デスバリアDX	Full immunity to Death.
Master Barrier	マスターバリア	Half immunity to all status effects.
CAM USB	友情のUSB	Increase the chances of Combo attacks by 10%.
Ninja USB	忍者のUSB	Always succeed when trying to escape battles.
Tactician USB	軍師のUSB	Increase EXP gain from battles.
Billionaire USB	億万長者のUSB	Increase YEN gain from battles.
Large Capacity USB	大容量のUSB	Increase the item drop rate from enemies.
Researcher USB	探究者のUSB	Increase the data obtained when scanning Digimon.



Farm Goods
「ファームグッズ」

Item Name	Japanese Name	Description
Flame Symbol	炎のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of fire Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Water Symbol	水のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of water Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Wood Symbol	木のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of plant Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Earth Symbol	大地のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of earth Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Electric Symbol	電気のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of thunder Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Wind Symbol	風のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of wind Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Sacred Symbol	聖心のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of light Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Dark Night Symbol	闇夜のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of dark Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Void Symbol	虚無のシンボル	Increase the EXP gain of neutral Digimon. (Farm Goods)
Developer Know-How	開発者の心得	Raise the quality of the items made by developments. (Farm Goods)
Sleuth's Secret	探偵の極意	Raise the accuracy of investigations. (Farm Goods)
HP Generator	HPジェネレータ	Slightly increases the max HP value that is obtained through training courses.
SP Generator	SPジェネレータ	Slightly increases the max SP value that is obtained through training courses.
Sandbag	サンドバッグ	Slightly increases the attack value that is obtained through training courses.
Punch Bag	パンチマシン	Slightly increases the defense value that is obtained through training courses.
Study Room	スタディルーム	Slightly increases the intellect value that is obtained through training courses.
Treadmill	ランニングマシン	Slightly increases the speed value that is obtained through training courses.
Mega HP Generator	メガHPジェネレータ	Increases the max HP value that is obtained through training courses.
Mega SP Generator	メガSPジェネレータ	Increases the max SP value that is obtained through training courses.
Top Sandbag	高級サンドバッグ	Increases the attack value that is obtained through training courses.
Top Punch Bag	高級パンチマシン	Increases the defense value that is obtained through training courses.
Top Study Room	高級スタディルーム	Increases the intellect value that is obtained through training courses.
Top Treadmill	高級ランニングマシン	Increases the speed value that is obtained through training courses.
Giga HP Generator	ギガHPジェネレータ	Greatly increases the max HP value that is obtained through training courses.
Giga SP Generator	ギガSPジェネレータ	Greatly increases the max SP value that is obtained through training courses.
Best Sandbag	最高級サンドバッグ	Greatly increases the attack value that is obtained through training courses.
Best Punch Bag	最高級パンチマシン	Greatly increases the defense value that is obtained through training courses.
Best Study Room	最高級スタディルーム	Greatly increases the intellect value that is obtained through training courses.
Best Treadmill	最高級ランニングマシン	Greatly increases the speed value that is obtained through training courses.
